ESN-committee meeting
Tuesday 26th of August 2003 at 6.30 pm
New Student House meeting room Aurora

Present: Johanna Järvinen (chair), Elsi Koho, Kirsi Korhonen, Päivi 
Korhonen, Ida Kåll, Outi Leskelä, Jussi Tanner, Jukka Timonen, Rami 
Tolvanen, Linda Degerth (secretary)

1. Opening of the meeting

The meeting was opened at 6.44 pm


2. Approving the agenda

The agenda was approved


3. Budget for the fall

There was some confusion about the budget: according to Jussi's notes,  
1285 euros has been used for meeting and general expenses, while the budget 
for those for the whole year is at 900 euros. Possible explanations for 
this is that Help Desk lunch vouchers and water boiler have been taken from 
this category (=the wrong place). The budget is always a messy thing 
because of discounts and unclearness in where money should be taken from. 
Jussi will check the budget and let Johanna know the results.

All in all, the budget in total seems ok: 57% of the year's budget has been 
used so far (4446 euros/7800 euros). The division is as follows (used 
money/total):

-Chairperson: 400+400 euros/800 euros 
-Meeting and general expenses: 1285/900 euros
-ESN Help Desk 0 euros/500 euros (!)
-AGM 2003: slightly more than 1700 euros/1600 euros (the part that exceeds 
1600 euros will be paid from international money)
-AGM 2004: 1068 euros/2000 euros
-NNM: 0 euros/500 euros
-NatPlat: 100 euros/200 euros
-Partner Project: 0 euros/300 euros
-Unexpected expenses: 0 euros/1000 euros


4. Electing new board members

-Vice chairperson: Elsi Koho
-Responsible for cultural activities: Riikka Jäske
-Responsible for pub nights: Rami Tolvanen


5. Past and future culture and sports events

-Riikka organizes a trip to Fazer chocolate factory on the 24th of October. 
Max. 50 people can join, and there will be 3 guides.
-Nuuksio trip in September/October
-Outi wants to organize a trip to the opera


6. Fall activities

-ESN-info 1.9 at 7 pm: Johanna, Minttu and Ida are at least going, others 
are welcome. E-mails have gone out to 130 people.

-Orientation party 5.9: Will be held at Domma -2, because there have been 
some problems with the neighbors at Coma. About 300-400 people are expected 
to come and there are allowed to be 700-800 people in Domma -2, so it 
should be no problem. Stockmann will bring the food at 4 pm and the party 
will begin at 7 pm. Jussi will check how the bills will be handled. There 
are no plates at Domma, so everything has to be taken there. A car will be 
rented to transport some things there, and the empty (and possibly 
leftover) cases of beer. 50 cases of beer and 20 cases of cider have been 
ordered...

-Opening Carnival 10.9: a table and two chairs have been reserved for ESN. 
People will be needed. Elsi was willing to fix material for the table 
(brochures, candies, the ESN flag, kissing picture...)

-City Rally + Buddy Party 13.9: Johanna and Rami were chosen to be the 
responsibles for the City Rally. Outi can receive groups in the botanical 
garden if she works that day. There will be a City Rally meeting some day...

-Help Desk: It was suggested that the Help Desk could be held some evening 
as well, but on the other hand it was thought to be a little confusing to 
have it on irregular times. The pub nights also reduce the demand for an 
evening Help Desk. The Help Desk can also be marketed for Finns who are 
interested in ESN. It could be announced in Ylioppilaslehti about this.

-Trips to Russia: There are two planned trips to St. Petersburg and three 
to St. Petersburg and Moscow:
10.10-14.10 St. Petersburg (Tytti)
16.10-20.10 St. Petersburg
10.11-16.11 St. Petersburg + Moscow (party trip)
17.11-23.11 St. Petersburg + Moscow
 1.12- 7.12 St. Petersburg + Moscow
Eventually a third trip to St. Petersburg only?
The price for the trips has risen with 10 euros, and some more things have 
been added (such as a guided tour in Moscow). The prices are now 160 euros 
for St. Petersburg and 300 euros for St. Petersburg + Moscow (+visa). There 
is more information on the internet at www.zerkalo.info. Outi will make 
some flyers for the Orientation Course.

-Pub evenings: Today will be the last pub night for ILPC students in Ale. 
The pub nights will probably be held in Ale pub in the future as well, 
since the cooperation has worked very well. If possible for Ale Pub, the 
pub nights would be changed to Thursday, and the ESN card would do the job 
that the drink tickets have done previously. Rami will talk with the people 
from Ale.

-Orientation Course 4-8.9: Student Union info on Friday at 12-1 pm, first 
Jussi and Ida will tell about the Student Union, and then Kirsi and Outi 
will tell about ESN.


7. NNM Bergen 2-5.10

-no new info about the NNM, the price will probably be 120 euros/person
-Johanna and Martin can hopefully attend (if only one, it'll be Johanna)
-Riikka and Kirsi will also try to go there, but they get the money from 
the AGM-money
-If the expenses for two people (Johanna + Martin) exceed the budget, some 
money might be taken from the beer money / unexpected expenses.


8. AGM 2004 News

-The AGM 2004 planning is going well! The webpages will be opened soon and 
a letter will be sent to Tarja Halonen
-There's e-mail discussion going on with the ESN Board
-Money has been budgeted for NNM and the Southern European Platform
-we are hoping for 40 000 euros from the EU


9. Buddy Project

-some people have been interested already
-information will be sent to the information responsibles of the subject 
organizations


10. Miscellaneous

-Radio Q & Suomi interviews: Radio Q will send a program (on the 1st of 
September at 10:45 am, frequency 103,7, replay on the 13th of September at 
9:40 am, frequency 94,0) about how foreigners adapt to the Finnish society. 
They would like to talk to a Finn who has been a lot around foreigners, and 
will call Riikka.
-Reserving Alina for parties (September 2nd at 10 am): a reservation needs 
to be done for the pre-christmas party, preferrably the last week in 
November (Thursday-Saturday). Linda will take care of the reservation.
-The ESN notice board needs to be renewed. Johanna will do that!
-Kai Hendry is willing to renew the picture gallery on our webpage
-It was shortly discussed that the Bulletin Board should be opened to the 
public. The FS-chat-list could probably be removed.


11. Next meetings

The next meeting will be held on the 9th of September at 6 pm and the 
meeting after that on the 23rd of September at 6 pm.


12. Closing the meeting

The meeting was closed at 8:50 pm
